Updating docs to include new assume role fields (#29649)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/aws.mdx

Please see the [API documentation](/vault/api-docs/secret/aws#configure-root-credentials)
for more details on the fields associated with plugin WIF.

> ## Cross-Account Management of Static Roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cross-account management of static roles
```

<EnterpriseAlert product="vault" />

> Vault now supports cross-account access for AWS static roles,
> allowing credential management for IAM users across multiple AWS accounts via AWS Security Token Service (STS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault supports cross-account access for AWS static roles. You can configure credential management for IAM users across multiple AWS accounts by assuming roles in the other accounts.
```

Suggest to use active voice, as per Education team recommendations. I also made some tweaks to make it more of an elevator pitch. What do you think?

To configure a cross-account static role:

1. Ensure Vault has access to AWS STS and IAM endpoints.
1. Create an IAM role in the target AWS account that allows Vault to assume it.
  1. The role must trust the Vault AWS account to assume it and have the necessary IAM permissions to manage IAM users.

>   1. Use an external ID for enhanced security (optional but recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Use an external ID for enhanced security (optional but recommended).
1. Create a static role in Vault.
  1. Set the target account's ARN with the `assume_role_arn` field.
  1. Set the target account's session name with the `assume_role_session_name` field.
```

Please see the [API documentation](/vault/api-docs/secret/aws#configure-root-credentials)
for more details on the fields associated with plugin WIF.

## Cross-account static role management

> <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
@include 'alerts/enterprise-only.mdx'
```

We have dedicated partials for Enterprise banners to keep language consistent and differentiate between enterprise features that are only available in self managed enterprise and features that are available in enterprise *or* HVD.  If the feature is also available in HVD, use the 'enterprise-and-hcp.mdx' partial instead.

Vault supports cross-account access for AWS static roles. You can configure credential management for IAM users across multiple AWS accounts by assuming roles in the other accounts.

To configure a cross-account static role:

1. Ensure Vault has access to AWS STS and IAM endpoints.
1. Create an IAM role in the target AWS account that allows Vault to assume it.
  1. The role must trust the Vault AWS account to assume it and have the necessary IAM permissions to manage IAM users.
  1. Use an external ID for enhanced security (optional but recommended).
1. Create a static role in Vault.

>   1. Set the target account's ARN with the `assume_role_arn` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Use the `assume_role_arn` field to set the target account ARN.
```
Style correction: avoid possessives

> 1. Ensure Vault has access to AWS STS and IAM endpoints.
> 1. Create an IAM role in the target AWS account that allows Vault to assume it.
>   1. The role must trust the Vault AWS account to assume it and have the necessary IAM permissions to manage IAM users.
>   1. Use an external ID for enhanced security (optional but recommended).
> 1. Create a static role in Vault.
>   1. Set the target account's ARN with the `assume_role_arn` field.
>   1. Set the target account's session name with the `assume_role_session_name` field.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Ensure Vault has access to AWS STS and IAM endpoints.
1. Create an IAM role in the target AWS account that allows Vault to assume it.
  The role must trust the Vault AWS account to assume it and have the necessary IAM
  permissions to manage IAM users.
1. (Optional, but recommended) Set an external ID for enhanced security.
1. Create a static role in Vault with the target account's role ARN and session name,
  using the `assume_role_arn` and `assume_role_session_name` fields respectively.
```

Some of the spacing on the numbers got a little weird on this list. Also maybe some of these steps can be combined as they are info about prior steps rather then discrete actions to follow.

```shell-session
$ vault write aws/static-roles/<role-name> \

>     username="<iam-user>" \
>     assume_role_arn="arn:aws:iam::<account-id>:role/<role-name>" \

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    username="<iam-user-to-manage>" \
    assume_role_arn="arn:aws:iam::<account-id>:role/<role-name-in-target-account>" \
```

I think we should be explicit here, it can be confusing which names from which accounts go where at the beginning.

    assume_role_session_name="<session-name>" \
    external_id="<unique-id>" \
    rotation_period="1h"
```

> Once configured, Vault will:

Reviewer 2: As written, we're implying these steps happen as soon as the configuration takes hold. Is that true?

Author: Yes, and returns IAM user's access key and secret key when requested via `aws/static-creds/<role-name>`.
